[PL-57426]: SMP 0.21.0 Release Notes (#8122)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition.md

- Custom stage pipelines did not show the environment in the pipeline execution history. This issue is resolved now.(CDS-99938)

- The error title **Intervention** was displayed when the verification step failed. The title is now updated to **Verification Failure**. (CDS-99671,ZD-65113)

- The placeholder in the health source connector component, which previously displayed `GCP`, has now been updated to `BigQuery`. There is no functionality change with the issue resolution. (CDS-99519)
![](./static/health_source_connector.png)

- The runtime input symbol was getting displayed even when **fixed values** was selected from the templates in the monitored services. This issue has been resolved. (CDS-99518) 

- On the services page, the deployment type icon did not consistently appear. This issue has been resolved. (CDS-99331, ZD-66892)

- GitOps deployments were not tracked for multiple projects because the Harness Gitops instances service was out of sync with applications without project mappings. This issue has been resolved. (CDS-98989, ZD-63203)

> 

Reviewer: - Access Control to GitOps Applications can now be managed using Labels. This allows Applications to be automatically added to the required Access Control Resource Groups. See https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/use-gitops/manage-permissions/ for more details. (CDS-97914)
- When creating a GitOps Application, the cluster can now be specified by name instead of using the IP address, if required. This is helpful in cases where the Cluster IP may change in the backend. (CDS-96922)

Author: added to pr

Upon providing your credentials and the release version, the script will proceed to push the Looker image to your private repository.

:::
## October 4, 2024, version 0.21.0

This release includes the following Harness module and component versions.

| **Name** | **Version** |
| :-- | :--: |

> | Helm Chart | [0.21.0](https://github.com/harness/helm-charts/releases/tag/harness-0.21.0) |

Author: yes. It will come after release

### New features and enhancements

#### Continuous Integration

- Cache Intelligence was enhanced with support for C# . Customers using C# applications can now leverage automatic dependencies caching with Cache Intelligence. (CI-12672)

- Added a new setting in the account default settings under CI named `Upload Logs Via Harness`, allowing customers to route CI step execution logs through Harness’ log service instead uploading them directly from the build environment. This was previously behind a feature flag, but is now available for all users. (CI-13647)

#### Harness Platform

- PodDisruptionBudgets can now be created using global and service-level overrides and are enabled by default for all supported services. (PL-56564, ZD-68426)

  At the global level, for all supported services

  ```yaml
  global:
    pdb:
      create: true
  ```

  At service level, for individual service (eg: ng-manager)
  ```yaml
  platform:
    ng-manager:
      pdb:
        create: true
  ```

  If PDB is enabled globally, it will create PDB for all supported services. If the requirement is to create PDB for specific services, then it needs to be enabled for each service.

>   `minAvailable` and `maxUnavailable` can be set to either percentage or absolute value, if both of them are set then K8s will throw an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `minAvailable` and `maxUnavailable` can be set to either percentage or absolute value. If both of them are set then `minAvailable` will take precedence.
```
